feat(examples): Vertex  Machine Learning Pipeline (#66)
GoogleCloudPlatform/terraform-google-enterprise-genai: examples/machine-learning-pipeline/README.md

# Machine Learning Pipeline Overview

This example demonstrates the process of interactive coding and experimentation using the Google Vertex AI Workbench for data scientists. The guide outlines the creation of a machine learning (ML) pipeline within a notebook on a Google Vertex AI Workbench Instance.

> This environment is set up for interactive coding and experimentations. After the project is up, the vertex workbench is deployed from service catalog and the datascientis can use it to write their code including any experiments, data processing code and pipeline components. In addition, a cloud storage bucket is deployed to use as the storage for our operations. Optionally a composer environment is which will later be used to schedule the pipeline run on intervals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This environment is set up for interactive coding and experimentations. After the project is up, the vertex workbench will be deployed from the base environment module on (`/modules/base_env/main.tf` and the data scientists can use it to write their data processing code and pipeline components. In addition, a cloud storage bucket should be deployed to use as the storage for our operations. Optionally, a composer environment can be setup to schedule the pipeline run on intervals.
```

Each environment, Development, Non-Production and Production have their own purpose and they are not a mirror from the previous environment.

The Development environment is responsible to create pipeline components and make sure there are no issues in the environment.

The non-production environment will result in triggering the pipeline if approved. The vertex pipeline takes about 30 minutes to finish.

The production environment will provide an endpoint in the project which you can use to make prediction requests.

## Steps Involved

- Creating the ML Pipeline:
  - Use a notebook on Google Vertex AI Workbench Instance to develop and adjust the ML pipeline on the development environment.
- Triggering the Pipeline:
  - The pipeline is set to trigger via Cloud Build upon merges to the non-production branch after being validated on development environment.
- Training and Deploying the Model:
  - The model is trained and deployed using the census income dataset.
  - Deployment and monitoring occur in the production environment.
- A/B Testing:
  - After successful pipeline runs, a new model version is deployed for A/B testing.

> ## Purpose

Reviewer: remove purpose section or correct the text

   cd ..
   ```

> ### VPC-SC - Infrastructure Deployment with Local Terraform - Only proceed with these if you have not used Cloud Build

Reviewer: Move the section `VPC-SC - Infrastructure Deployment with Local Terraform - Only proceed with these if you have not used Cloud Build` as a subsection to `Prerequisites` after the VPC-SC instructions for cloudbuild

Reviewer: and remove the duplicated "Usage" sections that is right above it

Author: I created [this issue ](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/terraform-google-enterprise-genai/issues/68)as an improvement. I believe we having two separated READMEs will keep the doc more organized.
